Music
From Hollywood, California, Harmontown is now in session!
Spencer Stritton in everybody, Spencer!
Music
And the mayor of Harmontown, Dan Harmon.
Alright, is the four-year-old gone?
Laughter
What did I miss last week, Dan?
A four-year-old, and so here's the thing about parenting.
Laughter
Just don't involve me.
It's not from the back of the room because, like, as Spencer points out,
little kids, they need to pee in poop.
They got tiny bladders at subpoint A1.
Like, there's many, many points we could go into,
but just bladders alone.
I thought you knew way more than you were supposed to about
prepubescent digestive systems.
Let me tell you about...
At C point A1, at subpoint B sub2,
that's where their bladders really just explode in size.
I have a question. When she...
I was just listening to an audio yesterday in my car.
When she sat back down, did she start crying?
Oh, yeah. Well, she started crying before she sat back down.
We hooked her on that fucking Hollywood stage magic, man.
She got a taste of it.
She's got nothing to compare it to.
We created a child star.
But when you gave her a chance...
When you gave her a chance...
When she had a chance to speak, she was like,
Look, man. She was being a refused Nick.
And then she got back in her seat and she cried.
She was like, I fucking blew my chance.
But honestly, she was...
She just cried because she was sitting up on stage
and she liked it.
I know exactly how that feels.
I would love to not...
I was the little kid in those pajamas
that would come out in the living room.
I'm sure it's Los Angeles.
Probably half of the audience or more.
It was the kid in the family
that was like, look at me, look at me.
And it feels good when strangers pay attention to you
because you know that while they're doing it,
your parents can't hit you.
It's safe.
It's like that moment in Texas Chainsaw Massacre
when you're flagging down the cop car.
It's like, nothing bad can happen now.
Oh, it's the cop that makes chili out of people.
Also, second question.
How old is Timur?
Timur is 16.
I was trying to visualize him
because I can't afford the subscription to our show.
Yeah, I love my neighbors.
The Bootsons, of course, they humanize me.
Of course, I'm all caught up in the Hollywood lifestyle.
I'm a cynical person.
I'm a Capricorn.
I'm hierarchical.
I'm patriarchal.
I'm self-loathing.
I don't smell the roses.
I don't notice avocado trees or eucalyptus.
You know, she makes me muffins.
It's like, oh, your life is happening right into your nose.
And she comes on the podcast and everybody loves her.
She wrote a poem for a dead eucalyptus tree.
She represents, like, you know, like, oh, this is real life, man.
It's fucking God is in the moment.
You know, you're living in the past and the future.
You got to keep it real, like your neighbor.
And then, like, I was like, thank you so much for doing the show.
People love you.
You should come back any time.
And she was like, thanks.
I have two screenplays for you to read.
So I didn't have it that wrong.
Your son makes horror mazes for a living now, right?
Like, that's a weird thing.
I think that's pretty interesting.
I'd like to check back in with him.
I want to go too.
I want to see...
Because teenagers have a notoriously small attention span.
Like, you're not supposed to...
If you get into something when you're like 12,
and you're still into it when you're 16,
it makes you neither a hero nor a villain,
but it makes you noteworthy.
I want to check in with that guy.
Have you ever gone through one of these horror mazes
or you just heard them from across the fence?
I only hear whatever he plays on a loop.
It's about a 30-second loop that goes
for about a month and a half.
On a scale of 1 to 10,
just by guessing from meeting him
and hearing the sounds,
how spooktacular do you think they are?
I don't know.
I have to imagine a cheap haunted house
is a scarier haunted house.
You've got less restrictions.
I've been on the Batman ride
and the American Eagle at Six Flags
got America and Illinois.
The Batman ride, they strap you in.
I've used this as a metaphor for things.
There's something less scary
about having control totally taken from you
by a corporation.
It's like, oh, you're strapped in.
Worst case scenario is this thing just kind of explodes
and it's no one's fault,
but when you go on the American Eagle,
the world's oldest roller coaster,
which is just part of the psychological,
this is just a mind fuck.
It's the world's oldest roller coaster.
You're like, what?
It's made out of driftwood.
It's washed over from Coney Island
that was already used for a worse roller coaster
that fell apart and that floated over
and found its way to the Great Lakes.
They built a roller coaster out of it
and they strap a little jump rope across your lap
and ask you to hold it real tight.
The reason that's terrifying is because
you can't let go of your sense of accountability.
Terror, and I think this maybe could be thematic
to our guests tonight,
I think a big part of terror is
how are you supposed to know
when you're really in trouble
and can you see death coming
and if you do, what are you supposed to do?
If a roller coaster starts to go wobbly,
is it going to be my fault if I die
because I didn't blah blah blah
or the people are going to be watching me
on a 4chan video, watching my head fly
and going like, look at the dick in the back
doesn't even move.
I think it's certainly not your responsibility
once that thing gets rolling.
What a therapist would say.
That's probably not what the theme park people would say.
If you can blame a kid for getting eaten
by a fucking alligator at Disneyland,
Jesus Christ, the ghost of that kid
was more vilified than Richard Nixon
because God forbid a fucking corporation admit
they had anything to do with a fucking alligator.
Fuck you.
It's so fucking, and it's not Disney that I'm mad at.
Disney is a system.
Its job is to not have a heart
or a brain or a soul.
Its job is to fucking keep existing.
We have systems like that in place,
like the alphabet and medicine
that we're very glad aren't like
only continued by someone's passion every day.
So yeah, of course a fucking feeling-less system
should just keep going, you know,
but that's why we have to be on our shit, you know?
Just to have a thing.
There's a guy that says, like, you don't have to,
it doesn't open you, it's not admissible in court
if you say sorry about the alligator.
If the president has to visit a flood,
you know, otherwise he gets, you know, yelled at,
like, you don't care about no flood,
like, well, somebody visit the fucking...
Somebody...
Just say you're sorry.
What? It said don't go over there.
It said don't go over there.
Was the alligator on the Disney park?
Well, the alligator was on.
In the water.
That was a prime time alligator.
What part of the park was...
He had a Mickey Mouse hat, though.
No, he didn't have a Mickey Mouse.
He had a band made, like, but in an area where
guests were supposed to keep out.
Was it part of the animal kingdom part of the park?
Like, it was part of the gators.
It was swimming anyway.
Oh, yeah.
It says no swimming.
Here's some other places you're not supposed to go
in Disneyland. The cash register.
Do you think they have more than signs
keeping you out of those fucking things?
Underground.
They'll fucking cattle prod you.
You try to stick your hand in the till.
Don't... Who cares if there was a goddamn...
I don't care.
What are the tickets to that place?
$8,000?
The kid probably had to choose between college
and Disneyland before it could speak.
They're like, I'm sorry.
You're going to have to make this choice to hold
jangling a key chain with Mickey Mouse on it
and holding up one of those hats
that I'd know the name of if I went to college.
Mortar and Pestle.
What are those things called?
Mortar board hat?
It's called a Mortar and Pestle.
That's where you learn how to make...
You don't know, Mikey, but you're making a choice.
You all live in the moment
or be an adult
with a stake in our workplace.
And the kid's like, I don't know.
That mouse looks like...
It's so appealing
on an instinctive level
that for some reason
it's exempt from fucking
basic copyright law.
Didn't that thing become public domain
in like fucking 1990?
And then it was like...
Obviously that doesn't count.
Mickey Mouse can't become public domain
just because it's older than fucking Huck Finn.
That's not what we meant when we said that.
We didn't mean that.
Is Dennis Hopper still alive?
Or if anybody we know that can do a perfect
Dennis Hopper impression,
I want to hear somebody reread what you just said
as Dennis Hopper.
He's his mind, man.
He's Mickey Mouse a good mouse.
No.
You think you're going on vacation, man?
You're going into a slaughterhouse.
Who's on the ride, okay?
The kids or the fucking animals?
That didn't sound like me.
When we get into the frontier land,
Tomorrowland's gonna make
Fantasyland look like
Critter Country, man.
Critter Country.
They're written out of names that call lands Critter Country.
Well, I didn't finish my thought,
but I know I've already harped on this,
but I just want to finish that thought.
It's not Disney that did or didn't do anything wrong.
Just the people in the comment sections, as always.
Stop sighting with a fucking inhuman system.
It doesn't need your help!
If someone falls off a cliff while playing Pokemon Go,
it's a tragedy!
A guy died!
You don't have to make a fucking point
about your priorities.
You're like Paul bearing the American dream.
Piece of shit.
You put on these masks,
and you get on the internet,
and you get...
What is it?
Sound effects?
Somebody's phone ring is Crickets.
Which is rude for two reasons.
It's the bad place to go.
It's bad?
Yeah, it's bad for a lot of things.
Well, there might be an emergency...
Turn your phones off, but if it's on,
make your phone ring laughter.
Yeah, don't...
I might forget to turn my phone off,
so just in case I do,
I'll do a fail-safe here.
My new ringtone...
I don't know what it is.
I'll do a fail-safe here.
My new ringtone...
You suck!
Now I'm protected.
I'm going to turn my phone on,
and make it foghorn.
All right.
I don't need to talk about
any of this other stuff.
You just found out that...
What's happening?
Just keep it in your pants, buddy.
He said
Dennis Hopper.
I wanted to remind you
we were talking about Dennis Hopper.
Are you saying that you can do
a great Dennis Hopper impression?
I already did.
You did?
Let's hear it.
That sounds a little bit more
like Bill Paxton from Aliens.
Don't put a nickel in that
side of the room anymore.
That guy,
the first thing he said was
you were kind of siding on the alligator side.
You were like...
You brought up the sign.
You were like, oh, it said no swimming.
So, of course, if an alligator eats you,
you deserve it.
And then someone over there
with the cricket phone,
and then back to you with this side of the room,
just trouble, you know?
Just trouble.
Wait.
Spencer, come sit over with me.
No, I'm good.
I'll show them.
Oh, yeah.
Thank you.
You had a lot of shit in your plate.
There was children, and there was...
Yeah, I really...
I think Cameron Esposito just said fuck it.
She got two sentences into the haunted house
story, and she goes,
I want to go be with my wife.
Cameron was like,
no, I could stay
and pluck my show, and then she said,
are you sure I'm going to go and we're married?
Can you stay? Hey, I came late.
Maybe I'll leave late.
Okay, so about the haunted house,
she's like, you know what?
The oven is on right now.
Can't blame her.
I was five seconds away
from doing the same thing.
Yeah.
All right.
So, yeah, I'm going to...
Look, there's things that I...
I mean, look, it doesn't matter.
We can talk to them. We can talk to them about anything.
Anyone.
All right, I'm not going to...
I'm not going to tailspin interpreting that.
You just like the show in general.
That's what that meant. It wasn't...
You liked the part where I stopped being the only thing up here.
I got my eye on you guys.
I can't see you.
There's lights, but I got my eye on you.
There are great guests.
Can we talk to Jane for a moment?
Because Jane has gifts for us.
Come on up, Jane.
Jane.
Oh, secret abscess.
Totally illegal.
And I'm not sharing it with any of you.
Yeah, you're staying at my place,
but you haven't seen me yet.
Whoa.
That's how it is with all the ladies.
Let me know if I...
Thank you.
Did you get in okay?
I got in okay. Thank you.
What is it like staying at Shea Harmon
when it's just like...
It's a little weird, right?
Because you don't even see me.
It's a small hotel.
But it's like self-serve.
It's like a Marriott Express.
It's nice in that way.
I could hear that something was going on upstairs.
It sounded very important.
It was probably just the night of.
It was like you're probably just listening to me
watching the night of.
Was that what it was?
I was hungover in bed with Cody.
We were watching that.
Okay, yeah.
There was lots of voices and there was pregnant pauses
and then things were going on.
But yeah, no, it's very nice.
Thank you.
It kind of sounds like I murdered Cody.
And I'm now not going to get away with it.
Which is a good time to...
Is she back there?
Well, we'll find out.
We haven't seen Cody for 72 hours.
Which is weird.
We'll thank you so much, Jane.
How are things going with you?
Are there any headlines?
Is there any drama in your life?
Anything we can consume?
I don't want to take time away from the guests.
I could go on with the drama.
I'm here for 24 hours.
Give us a little tease.
Just be like, I found a head in my trunk.
And then just go sit out.
And then we'll bring them up.
That's a good cue for this.
Yeah, nothing like that.
Jane brought a bottle of absinthe for me today at the drawing room.
And she also wanted to bring one
for Marilyn Manson, who's a big absinthe freak
who has his own absinthe.
You called Manson.
But you turned me on to that possibility.
Right.
So we have now handed off your absinthe
to someone that will give Marilyn Manson
the absinthe of Malice that you make.
That's my hope.
Do you think he'll talk about it on his blog?
Mansplaining?
Mansplainson.
Which I get so annoyed by,
but it is his point of view.
Mansplaining.
I was proud of it.
Fuck you guys.
It got all the applause it deserved.
Yeah.
All right.
Well, we'll check in with you later.
Let's bring our friends out here.
I appreciate the gifts we've led you.
Also,
Jane, I have your glass right here too.
Thank you so much.
Dan, do the honors for our guests.
Wait, what?
I cut you off while you were about to intro our guests.
Okay.
Thank you. Sorry. It's like Thanksgiving dinner
and all of a sudden dad's like,
you're time to cut the turkey.
And I'm like, what?
Don't fuck this up.
And then get your car keys in the footing.
Well, our guests are,
I'm so stoked that we got,
I feel privileged that we could bag these guests
because I think there's probably a lot of people
that want to talk to them because they're,
they've got this little hit podcast,
My Favorite Murder.
It's like meteorically popular.
Is it true that it's more popular than our podcast?
I have no idea.
I think it's a bigger hit than our own podcast.
I don't see the words.
I think we're doing ourselves a disservice
by even bringing these two out here.
Hold up that quarter of the hoopa.
In a Jewish wedding
between the audience
and creatives.
I will hold up the
one of the two quarters.
You and I are half a hoopa.
That's our
promise to you.
And we will sit
shiva for you.
Should the hoopa collapse
for you?
Maybe one of our guests is Jewish
and can help us out.
I know they're going to talk to us about murder
and podcasting.
I can almost be certain that
with a name like Karen Kilgariff,
she has to be Jewish.
She certainly has to host a podcast,
a murder podcast.
Please welcome Karen Kilgariff
and Karen Kilgariff.
Welcome.
Do you remember the last time I saw you, Karen?
I feel like it was decades ago.
Was it in that bar?
And we were just talking massive shit
on that one person?
Do you judge me for that?
It's the way I live my life.
I listen to your podcast
and my girlfriend is how I found out
about it. She's such a huge fan.
I was like, oh, that's Karen.
I listened to it for a while.
I love her so much.
She's really wise
and has always been an old soul.
I remember that conversation as you being
gentle and accepting and all that stuff
even though I felt like I was like
toxically bagging on a mutual friend
because I had axes to grind
that I was probably like 27
or something.
Who are you talking about?
Do you see what care we've taken?
We are tiptoeing the shit out of this thing.
Knowing Karen though,
she loved you even more because of that conversation.
Yes, because I'm filled with hatred.
The thing that I liked about
that stuck with me was like,
I love Karen Kilgariff in that conversation
in spite of talking to who
you might have been a toxic turd
and the jury is still out.
You were very forthcoming with
this very vulnerable part of your life
which I don't even know if you share that a lot
on your podcast.
What did I say?
You had an injury.
I wasn't sure if that was your
private life or something.
You had bouts with epilepsy
where you would have these
Russian novelist
seizures and wake up
and there would be blood everywhere.
And an axe in my head?
That's a Russian novelist.
She was talking about Raskolnikov.
Cram and punishment, Jack, I got it.
Come on, grad students.
That's a relief.
Are you still dealing with epilepsy?
Is that a thing that goes on for the rest of your life?
It is, but I take medicine
that controls it.
Do you have Raskolnikov-style seizures?
Is that too literary?
I actually don't know who that is.
I'm not going to pretend.
My seizures are controlled
with medicine, but when I do have them
I believe they're
grandma. They're the big ones.
I just go for it.
But that's the reason I stopped drinking.
If you're going to go big.
Don't fuck around with seizures.
Put the pedal to the metal.
When you have epilepsy
do you stop drinking
because
is it because
you'd be ill prepared to handle a seizure
if it happened or is it because it actually increases
the seizures?
The funniest thing is when you have
a neurological problem, they have no idea
what they're talking about.
They try to tell you things, but it's all,
am I right?
Self-loathing neurologist.
Seventh year of grad school.
I don't know what I'm doing.
But it really is all
theory.
It's all theory.
I was a huge drinker and drank every day
and night and had no problem
with it until I started having seizures.
And then they said,
you are having seizures because
from alcohol withdrawal.
And I literally said to the doctor,
but I've never stopped drinking.
Total honest,
trying to solve the problem.
Obviously you know Dino because
you worked on Mr. Show.
He used to be the Yoda of my drinking.
He's the greatest.
We were at the drawing room
yesterday at Saturday.
Saturday morning at the drawing room,
you have these people that
they're called the zombies. They're the people that were
after hours on Friday night.
And the drawing room opens at 6am.
So they're there, but then also
maybe me and Dino and Jeff maybe.
And Dino had this
conversation with one of them. It's like they really are
zombies. They've been partying
just straight through.
And this guy was like, yeah, I'm really sorry, man.
I didn't, you know,
look, he did one of those things.
I totally derailed what we were talking about.
I just wanted to say this one quote that that reminded me
of from Dino. He's talking to this guy.
The guy goes like, man, I've been putting it for like 36 hours.
I was at after hours
and then it came here. And Dino said, yeah,
we came here from bed. We're real alcoholics.
Anyone can go from drinking
to drinking. So easy.
I came here from the shower and I was like, I don't even
shower.
We woke up and said, what's up?
Let's go to the bar.
And you're not like, what did I do? You're like, let's keep going.
But you know, you're like, you're gonna make it happen.
You're like, what am I going to do?
Let's let's do it. Yeah, exactly.
That's like, like, like,
like Isaac Newton even said,
like, if you're drinking and you keep drinking,
that's nothing.
That's like the fifth law of thermodynamics.
He
called it no biggie.
Okay.
So wait, why am I getting this out?
Because I know everything.
So I want you guys to guide the path here because
I'm so fascinated with true crime
just as a human being.
I mean, I think we could just nerd out
about it a little bit and about murder itself.
And of course, we're going to do that no matter what.
But I'm super fascinated.
But I have this problem.
I'm always running my mouth about gender and all this stuff
on the show and like prefacing it
by going like, of course, we're all equal
and there's no difference.
And that's all stupid general statements and all that stuff.
But this is fascinating role I feel like.
And I think you guys have touched on it.
And our mutual friend Kat Solin
is doing that other thing that's going to be
a true crime thing and like talking to her about it.
It's like, there is this theme arising
that's like, well, okay,
it's totally understandably
politically
not cool to imply that
women are wired differently at all.
And yet there is this beautiful
like
advanced state
that it seems like, I don't know,
it just seems like women are more into true crime.
And it seems like
now there's all these amazing true crime shows
happening because there's a generation
that's bringing it out of the gutter
and like they're making the dark chocolate,
the artisanal true crime stuff.
Which is like,
it's kind of like,
okay, you don't have to be
you don't have to feel like it's a guilty pleasure
anymore. It's not like, oh,
I'm trapped in a trailer and I don't like myself
so I'm dwelling on the grisly details
of people, the only people worse off than me.
And I'll just keep doing scratch-offs
and looking down on murder victims.
We thought maybe
that's what it was, this tabloid-y,
trashy thing.
But I just, like now
it can be sophisticated
and now are we noticing,
do you, you can
please tell me
gender means nothing, has nothing to do with this,
or tell me women are more into true crime for some awesome reason.
I think saying gender is something
that's, and we are so different.
We totally wire different.
There's no shame to say that.
I know, but you know these fucking kids.
Jesus Christ. I know, everyone's
like to react. I know.
But also it's good to be hard against somebody
a belushi like me going,
if I start talking about gender, they're right to set up
players and be like, grandpa's talking about women.
Get a rope.
It's just all, it's all about self-correction.
It's like we fuck up all the time
on the, on the podcast. We say shit
because we're just talking. And then later on
people are like, hi, just to let you know
that was totally wrong and you're racist.
And then we go like, sorry, that is not what we meant.
We acknowledge it. We like
say beforehand, like trigger warning, like
if you're not okay with people being wrong all the time
then you're not gonna fucking like this.
We should do that.
Yeah.
Definitely
trigger warning.
Don't listen to this podcast. Yeah.
I mean, honestly, just don't listen to it.
But there is somebody on our Twitter page
that just, did you read that?
That somebody wrote an article about
exactly this thing, which is
why are women so into true crime.
I'm very sorry that I don't know her name
offhand.
Man. But essentially
this is her, this is her article.
It's really brilliantly written, but it's
when women watch true crime shows, say for example
they can picture themselves being the murderer
and the victim.
And that's the thing where it's not that men
don't have bad things happen to them.
Now we have to do this. It's not that men
can't be hurt and you give so much
to the community. Bad things happen to men too,
you guys.
It happens.
But with women
it's
you have mirror neurons you're experiencing
both positions.
And I didn't even, when you said that
I was like, aha, that's it.
But I didn't even think it was like, oh, because of
the cultural ramifications of the whole glass ceiling
whatever, that you're always in true crime
you're the victim is usually a woman.
I wasn't, there's that too, but I was actually
going, aha, it is
that is a
mythically feminine characteristic
is just like, and
this could be just as much of a yoke
an infantilizing like sexist thing
to say, you're more intuitive
you're more, you're more acquiescent
you get it, you're better scanners when I lose
my car keys.
Those are all compliments.
I know, well
black people have big dicks as a compliment too.
But it's also
look how they react, they've made it.
It's also a way to
you know, you objectify, dehumanize
whatever. You're different, you're little
brains, you work different.
But
I feel safe, which I
am safely on the side of
your big brains, they work different
because I think
I'm such a Campbell freak
and all of this, there's a meeting with the goddess
in mythology, at the bottom
as low as a hero
can go, and depths
not low as in down on his luck
low down into the
exploring the chaos and unconscious of the human condition
and beyond, a hero
comes to this point in the story
where it often involves
aqueous things, swampy
bogs and wells
and womb metaphors
and things, and there's a feminine
like energy to it, sometimes it's literally
a damsel in distress
or it's a witch, sometimes it's literally a woman
sometimes it's just a destination
or whatever, but it's like
Campbell calls it the meeting with the goddess
and it almost feels like when I think of true crime
and I think about how when
Kat Solin, our friend, when she talks
about murder
and why people are interested
in it, I'm like
I just have to keep making her repeat it
because I can't repeat it, because I try to like repeat it
to other people and go like, well the thing about murder
is it's bad
and I'm like, Kat
what did you say Kat, what did you say?
and it's like she just remembers how
she's like, it has something to do with
people
who murder people
or they are
closer to death, when I say it
it sounds dumb, she
says this like amazing thing
they're grasping the fact that we're all
going to die and they're in control
of that death, so like
as someone who's had anxiety my entire life
and who's also been into true crime and death stories
my entire life, it's like
proving the fact that my anxiety is legitimate
but also at the same time making
me prepared on how
to avoid certain situations where I could get killed
I feel like
we're talking about trigger warnings, we're talking about
all this stuff, these highway cones and all these things
your show is like, part of it is
people trust you guys, like
whatever that thing is that made me feel
when I heard your name again
oh fuck, she thinks I'm a piece of shit
from 20 years ago, you have some
essence about you
you're a sage person
you're very put together
I feel like there's not a lot of shit people could throw at you
you'd slip up and reveal
that you had some fucked up
value system
people trust you
and Georgia, whatever
you know, come on
how did you guys
Georgia and Karen get together on this
what was the nexus of you guys starting
we have to make a podcast
about true crime
the short
version is, we were at a party together
and I was telling
a terrible story about a terrible
violent thing
that I witnessed, which was at the
South by Southwest, I think it was now three years ago
were the car killed everybody?
yeah, I was on the street
I was a couple blocks away from this
really? I was the last person in line
and I fucking love telling stories like this
and I never get the response I want
I was the last person in line
and then
my friends had walked away to the front
because X was playing and they walked up
to hear X and then I was like
oh fine, why am I waiting in line
and I walked up and I walked up to say
let's not wait in line, let's just stand out here
and that fucking car came broke through the barrier
plowed through like 30 people
thank god my back was to
the crowd, but I mean we were
we were mere feet away
and I told that story at a party
at a Halloween party where most people
had eaten a lot of edibles
and so everybody around me
just kind of went gray
and it was like what?
and then she from like
two people back was like wait, tell me the story
and like her eyes were like
I was dressed like Glenn Danzig too
at the Halloween party
and I was like what the hell
tell me everything
did you wear shorter shoes so you could be tiny?
had cat litter with me too
so that zeal
and that
the trust or whatever
if that's the combination whatever it is
is true crime in general
is it a safe place
from this sort of from our
our anxiety about
political correctness and stuff because it's simultaneously
what could be more sensitive
than caring if people got killed
I mean you guys aren't
the insane clown posse, you're not using
fear to like
to make music?
look how not scared we are open
you're going like oh look at this
terrible thing when you indulge in
true crime but it's also
unmistakably
like it's not
you can't dress it up
as noble
it's real people, real people have died
and like we're there is on our
Facebook page there was a woman that got on
insisting that she was a fan insisting
and it was like a thread
that went probably like almost
300 comments this woman going
look I'm a huge fan of the podcast
I'm just saying isn't this exploitation
isn't this the worst thing you could do
and she was arguing with every and people
come on and go I really don't think that's the way they're doing it
but isn't this entertainment at the cost
of a person who died
isn't this and she just kept arguing it
and finally I went on and I said
you're using this word entertainment
as if it's all fun
a day at the carnival and
although this is entertainment to me
what it actually is
is maybe going into the reality
of being murdered
being the person that's in the apartment
when some fucking dude walks in
the family of the fucking people who have to deal
with this murder that like isn't going to go to trial
because they never find the fucking
the killer or they or it goes to trial
and they get fucking off in five years
the other part of our friendship that I think brings a lot
to this is that we kind of
bonded over vulnerability
being a thing off Brene Brown
thank you fucking god
when we became friends it was like
in this like idea of being super vulnerable
around each other and I think talking about
how much we're fascinated and scared
and have anxiety over
true crime and depression
is like big part of it
so you weren't friends until that night when you guys
met at that party and talked about that
I think we had met like once before but we didn't
like hang or but there was not a bond
so that's your origin story not just the podcast
but if you guys being like a duo
like a friendship yes that's great
we meet over at lunch
and talk about our favorite truth
the conversation would go that way
can I ask you a question
what do you think about Nancy Grace
I think she is bad
for journalism
I think she is
the fact that she focuses
it's like any small
blonde anything that dies
that's when she jumps in front of that camera
I rarely see her talking
about people of race and color
which is so many of these murders
the more research we do
there's that real creepy
and this is what we're talking about
these are the things we're stumbling on
as genuine amateurs
when you talk about women
of color who are murdered
their cases you've never fucking heard of
even if you think you're the true crime expert
there's like Georgia did one about a murder
in DC that was just like
it was a bunch of very young black girls
and it's like not BTK
and it's certainly not Jombani Randy
Nancy Grace gets vehement about
like Jodi Arias
I don't even know what the fuck that was
except for that she was
blonde before and then a brunette
afterwards
because of Nancy Grace
Nancy Grace said I like brunettes
I also think that when you get that
definitive about your opinions
about what happened and you get that
definitive about what's wrong
I think when we talk about these
true crimes it's exploring
it's exploring the murders and exploring
the crime instead of just being like
here's what fucking happened and period
well isn't that as we
make true crime
classier in this golden age of TV
now and I'm not counting
one of your favorites the OJ
thing which I love too
that felt delightfully
that felt delightfully tabling
Georgia called it The Simpsons
The Simpsons
You're still the Juice Juice
Uncle Juice
I was just listening to you guys talking about
do you think what killed him is having to say
Uncle Juice that many times
and like sell it
he got Uncle Juice Cancer
but talking about
the idea that we could make it
get past the reenactment footage with the strobing
and the male voiceover
going like what she didn't know
was murder
which those always involve
a red lace bra
if you're obsessed with any of those shows
with reenactments talk about exploitive
for 15 years
Keith Harrison was that ghoulish
Keith Morrison
ooh I hate him
I love him
Is that 2020 or what is that
Dateline
20 Dateline
I think it's a Dateline 20s
if it's him doing it I can't watch it
even though I love true crime
and murder of the weak shit
I can't do it because he's such a shitty writer
well and also he's selling that
first of all his nose is very sharp
and then he's kind of like
he's like staring the camera down like a weird snake
where you're like okay just move on
but did he know
that when she left that would be the last time
or did he know that he was going
stop asking questions cocksucker
you're the fucking journalist give me some answers
we don't know
also those shows like
when they cut back from a commercial break
the first half of it is catching you up
of what you already fucking saw
that show should be 20 minutes
so isn't what's for sale there
when you flock to true crime
because you're like oh a death happened
I want to know details
we are conditioned to be a little bit ashamed of that
there's a little bit of like
because you're rubber necking on the freeway
you're slowing down traffic
don't you understand it's your patriotic duty
for your species to not be fascinated
with the innards that are squirting out
of someone that has suffered this horrible fate
it's not the fireworks for you
you're a terrible person
but underneath that is this
insidious message of like
that is then carried through by serial killers
who do these like interviews and they go like
I'm a super being because everyone else is ashamed
of this stuff and it's like well wait a minute
what if we weren't
and are we because it should be because
when people die and we want to know details
and when it's weird that people died
I'm so terrified right now
thank you sir
that could have been a knife
what the fuck are you doing
you just stood there
you sat there
Jesus
I don't know it's super weird
this dude walked up and really slowly
stabbed Georgia and Karen
and Dan is weird
Georgia and Karen you guys
you said that as a woman
you're watching this and that women
you think feel that you can put yourself
more in the shoes of the killer and the victim
as well
how much of it because I watch it
is this the same for you too
you start trying to craft in your own mind
how you would have done it
what part of it is like I'm going to kill somebody
and all I need is like
a backyard
what did the opposite where I'm like how would I fucking karate
chop this dude who's trying to kill me
his parkouring into my fucking apartment
and there's a deeper thing there too
which is I believe
I've been trying to ask
my first question
and that's on me not anyone else
it's
aren't we actually
kind of memorializing
and also honoring
isn't our
because fucking giraffes don't do it
that's for sure
and baboons
if a person dies
the weirder the accident
the murder
our desire for details
that we call ghoulishness
it's just a human reaction
we're reaching our little tendrils out
and we're like to a wound
and we're going like
okay here's the threshold
the threshold has opened up between life and death here
and not through the way that have been
co-opted and systematized by pharmaceutical companies
and hospitals and everything
where you don't deal with death
we think of death as a disease
and one that's weirdly
that people
we have this crazy relationship
or lack of with death
and when people are so but we still
have
someone got impaled
with a stop sign and we're just like
how does that happen
where was he going how much he had
how can I not
and if it was going to happen to me
how would I know it was about to happen
one of the first things we ever talked about
remember last Halloween
or the one before
when that guy got in that car accident
on the 5 and he ended up
it cut in half and up on the exit sign
in Glendale
it was so intense
it's horrible
I did not come here for this
but it is this like
he landed on the sign
he was speeding and he was being
he was like driving past people
it was a horrible horrible thing all together
but I mean how many times have you driven
in LA on a freeway going like 95
because everyone else is going 95
and going how is this going to end
I'm in a tin box driving
95 this could go
really badly but it went really badly
for that guy
how do you not look at that
that guy's decision
and I think what I concentrate on
and I don't murder so much is that
it's not fucking fair like you're living your life
you're going to college or you're trying to
live your own life
and then some fucker comes and takes it away from you
and he's just some fucking idiot drug addict piece of shit
and it's just so unfair
it bothers me so much so I want to read about it
and find out what their experience was
and find out what their family's experience was
because their entire circle
of people that they know and have cared about
and have cared about them
their lives are fucking changed forever
and they watch all the forensic files
and date lines in 2020s and all that stuff
and any movie about it
I hate the journalism
because
but he was being
he was being so cold
and not emotional when it was happening
but my girlfriend we were watching the staircase again
and apparently
everybody gets volume but their lawyers are like
here take a bunch of volume whenever you're being interviewed
so that you seem
like so you don't overreact
is that a 911 call thing
where it's like I panic so much
like Gone Girl was
like my worst nightmare
like the first act of it
because it was like
it plugged into my fear
that I would wake up one day
and something with some weird thing
would have befallen a loved one
and that everyone would start really scrutinizing me
they will
and then
I've turned
my
you talk funny, you act weird
you have inappropriate reactions into a fucking goldmine
but
on the playground
when I was in 6th grade
and if my wife got murdered
it would be
back up to life and death stakes
people going like
we still haven't seen Cody for 72 hours
and people going like
so here's your 911 call
I had one
with a guy that had a bad accident
and I tripped over his leg
and it was gone
and I was like
something clicked inside of me
that sealed off all kind of processing
of the viscera
thank god because if I can't watch
I have to go like this when people
shoot up in Tarantino movies
I can't
I can't stand the
Dan Ackroyd Julia Child sketch
where he cuts his finger
and when I talk about it I get nauseous
and when I give blood I have to turn my head
and they always have to ask if I'm okay
because I get lightheaded
but I tripped over a guy's
severed leg and I
didn't save his life or anything
but I was James Bond until the paramedics got there
I didn't do anything right
but I was like
I didn't faint or puke
my point was
if I'm calling 911
because if you and I are together
wrapped around your neck and kills you
and I hear tires screeching
I feel like I'm going to
get the belt under your purple
and the recording is going to be me going like
yeah
I was drinking with my friend
and a belt wrapped around her neck
and she's dead and you should hurry
you should hurry sir
what's going on where are you
you should hurry up and arrest me
because I'm going to the big house
and it's never like
a relationship between people that
behave that way
well I think they're starting to realize that now
that whole thing of like he didn't react
correctly he was very cold
women get that all the time
if it's some mother whose child died
she must have done it because she wasn't crying
in public
I just heard the theory that a lot of times the lawyers
they give you sedatives
because they don't want you overreacting
to the police or to the prosecutors
and then they can't anticipate what the press
does I've never heard that
and that's why they're not relying on witness testimony
as much because it's so fucking flawed
from our memory to the way we react
is so different from person to person
there's no way to read into that stuff
what's your guys' most
if you had to pick one murder
mystery trial or thing
that is the most
the one that you fascinate on the most
one, two, three
John Wayne Gacy
wait did you say John Benet and John Wayne Gacy
at the same time?
we are so close
John Benet Gacy
he's the bass player for Marilyn Manson
I heard it was Jane Cook's absence
that made him commit all those crimes
you can read all about it on mansplaining
a joke I came up with
that's Marilyn Manson's blog
mansplaining
I thought it was pretty funny
did I have something to do with it?
with naming it
I wrote the joke
I came up with it
Georgia
Georgia you were John Benet
man I am fascinated
didn't they get back in the news
there's about to be a big
documentary series
documentary series about it
are there new revelations in the John Benet?
supposedly
they like to promise that in the promos
you have to wait until the very end
to find out that nothing is happening
we don't know anything
which I love
I love not knowing because
my thing is I'm really into cold cases
because you don't find out it's a dick lick
drug addict who killed her
it's a bigger mystery
maybe it's this diabolical thing
instead of it's like this ass hole
got drunk and killed this woman
who was better than him
and he took it away
so I like unsolved shit
I hate when it's like a cold case
and then
I love when it's a police officer
an investigator
that finds out oh shit
I just never gave up on this
and then one day I went back through all the shit
and I found a lot of it now
oh now we have modern DNA stuff
but I like when someone goes no
no one ever looked at this one statement
it was this guy
I love that stuff
and you start thinking about how often it must happen
because for so long
before there were computers or whatever
and it was just up to whatever
if a policeman was thorough
then things would all get checked
and if someone was a little sloppy for whatever reason
or the policeman didn't have taught
he was the only fucking detective in that
unit and the other thing is DNA evidence
isn't fucking final anymore
there was some case
in Michigan and they tested
the DNA on this cold case and on her jacket
and the DNA they found on the jacket
was from a perpetrator
who was in prison but was four years old
when the time of the crime took place
so like clearly
did he borrow her jacket?
he did not borrow her jacket
she was uh
oh god damn it
what do you call the guy that does the bris?
a moll
she was a moll
and wore that jacket
do you guys know about the
you know the house on Franklin
is it Frank Lloyd Wright or Lloyd Wright?
yes I know
I just did something at that house
where I got to go to the house for the first time
I was shooting some stupid thing and it went down
there's a secret room did you guys have a secret room?
I found out it was a secret room
wait did you see the secret room?
well it's walled off now I think
and there's a guy
on the other side of the wall
he's going like I did it
I killed the black doll you see
I never know who I am
I'm the bee's knees for killing the black doll
it's very authentic
you can tell he hasn't been out of there
the guy that owned that house was a physician
a doctor
he raped his daughter
and supposedly did it but then he died
so we'll never know
he's not the killer
but supposedly they brought in
when they were trying to resell Frank Lloyd Wright's awesome house
they're on Franklin and whatever it is
Winona-ish
they brought cadaver dogs in
and they all hit on the same room
wait but it wasn't the secret room
it was a different room
but he also performed
like secret abortions in that room
that's why they thought he was attached to the doll
did I go somewhere dark?
you didn't do it?
she's not the secret abortionist
you guys have a murder show
that was too much
Karen you're a John Wayne Gacy guy
John Wayne Gacy
it's so funny
there's no way this was from my grammar school
but I have this memory of being in the library
of my grammar school and opening up a book
about John Wayne Gacy
and I went to Catholic school so there's no fucking way
I was in school
but I was somewhere and I opened up a book about John Wayne Gacy
and there was
an illustrated drawing
of where the bodies were
in the house
and someone just
oh yeah yeah yeah
that was self-loathing neurologist from over here
oh that's right
she's just catching up
there were so many drawings
and it was like underneath it said
there were 37 boys
or I can't remember if that's the correct total
but somewhere around in the 30s
and it said found
the way they explained it in the house
but I thought it meant in the walls
and then the way it was drawn
it looked like there were
people in the walls
there at the picture for 10 minutes
and before that point in my life
I thought everybody
was living the exact same life I was living
I thought everybody was middle middle class
I thought everybody had
two parents in their house
I had no fucking clue
what the real world was like at all
so it was this real
amazing it was like an epiphany
but the scary version of an epiphany
because I suddenly was like
there are grown men out there
with boys and put them in the walls of his house
but if you hide enough boys
in the walls think of the savings
on heating cars
they are the perfect
because they have a vacuum inside of them
Jeff
when you
think of the savings
why can't we
I like the savings
when you fixate on the John Wayne Gacy murders
so you've probably fixated that
on the timelines
he's still alive right
John Wayne Gacy, he died in jail
but after a long while
over and over again
it's like a rare case of a fountain
of knowledge about
John Wayne Gacy because he just hung out
and kept answering questions
and then what
and I've read some of that stuff
so when you're reading those accounts
he kept bringing boys back
to his house and then
to talk about magic
the big thing was
the rope trick
the handcuff trick
when you're hearing that story
that for me
I'm pouring over that
and I'm like
I am thinking
of
I think I'm getting a glimpse of
victim and murderer
because
the murderer is a boy
maybe
but I also
maybe that's just like
do you detect a difference there
because the victims are
a different gender
because that would be valuable data
in my dumb thesis from earlier
I guess
in this case I didn't just because
they kept using the word boy
so it felt like
my school
a man murdered boys
that would be my age
and put them in his house
and like what the fuck are we talking about right now
it was like getting secret documents
but it was just like this book
but also
what I immediately also went into
is like that moment where he's
it's the guy that owns the construction company
who says hey you did good work today
I'll buy you a beer come over to my house
we have a whole beer and all the guys come
you'll have a great time
so you fucking go because you're 16
and you're broke and you want to get drunk
oh my god the places I went
when I was 20
with dudes 3 times my age
that I looked up to
and then when you're there
in John Wayne Gacy's den
it goes from a super fun cool chill
everyone's drunk
to let me do the handcuff trick
and suddenly your handcuffed
and then the bottom fucking drops out
and reality switches
and it turns into a nightmare
but it's still reality
that I fixate on
and can't get over
another you guys talked about
we started watching this show
because you talked about it on your podcast
I survived
have you guys seen the show
fuck me
oh my god
the woman who
there's an episode
that we went through
we looked for it first
that's the hitchhiker
I don't even know
why I brought it
because
that's a person that survived
so when you guys are consuming
that
they're sitting these people and they're the victims
and they survived
and then they're talking to the camera
and they're taking you through
every granular detail
of an experience that absolutely
should have definitely
they should not be telling
and
and so what are we feeling
when we're watching that?
I will tell you this
my sister forced me
to watch I Survived one time
and I was like I don't want to watch this
I don't want to get involved in this
do not make me and she was like
no I swear to god you'll love it
and basically made me
I was at her house so I couldn't change the channel
and she forced me to watch it
and so what I'm saying to those
is it is the survivor
talking slightly off camera
to you saying here's what happened to me
and as upsetting as it is
and insane as it is
and there's all kinds of
it's not all just these murder attempts
or hideous things there's also like
there's always some fucking Australian that's like
I hike too far up in the mountains
shut the fuck up
my girlfriend and I are absolutely
I mean that's like
you're leeching to your surface
because you're like you know
it became the running joke
we're like mocking the Australian that survived a forest fire
like there's a lady with her arms and legs cut off
you boo
that guy chose to go fucking hiking
when this chick's like I was walking on the sidewalk
and you're like well that didn't you know
you weren't like fucking or hitchhiking in the 70s
which was like yeah clearly fucking stupid
they thought it was like driving
but you know the Australian girl that survived
a forest fire like they pulled up in their van
and we're like you survived
let's talk about it and she's like really oh well
okay and they're like which episode should we put her in
they fucking hung her out to dry
well but the other thing that I love
that that showed to me
the total lack of exploitation
is those survivors are telling
their own story and almost
every time at the end
it's some badass woman who's like
and then he shot me in the head three times
and you're like I'm sorry what the fuck is happening
and it's a person
these people all different types of people
surviving gunshots to the head
or being brutally
fucking raped and dumped into a ditch
or whatever it is and they're sitting there
as a whole person telling you what happened
to them and saying like I know you didn't
mean it this way but like giving voice
to a story that nobody wants to hear
and being like that's my experience
that's why I walk can you then they like
show the fucking scar on their
neck or whatever it is and at the end
usually they've set up some foundation
to help victims almost every time
it's some badass woman who's like
and now I run the crisis center
for all the women
she does
fucking do it
that's right well I think that's so much of the murder
thing that I'm fascinated by and I think women too
because like we're so empathetic and like overly so
that like
we see this we see like
these murders and like
I think a murder is about to happen
it could happen any time
I'm on your side
it makes perfect sense we understand what you're saying
you're saying protect stop killing women
all the time
please stop killing women
I'm sorry to laugh out loud
she's pleading too Jeff please stop killing women
I don't know if that is true
I think look
yes am I still under indictment
yes but
I went golfing recently
with my friend Kato Kailin Danza
friend
this is not a joke
we've known Kato for a long long time
he is the nicest guy
the most lovely, sweetest
pleasantest
this goofiest, funniest
he's so much fun to be around
he was in the Simpsons
but I've known him for a good
long time and we sat down one time
maybe we talked about in the show before
he told me the whole story
about everything that he knew would happen that day
when the murders happened
oh Jay did it
what
spoilers
look
if you want
I feel like I told the story
I can tell you what he told me
but the other day
I haven't seen him in a year or two
I'm a terrible golfer
I suck at golfing
and I had an old ratty ass golf glove
with holes in it
look at this thing
one of my golf clubs
had been in the car for a while
it was kind of like tar
coming off of the grip
so it turned all black
and he made the joke to cut everybody off
at the pass like just don't leave it on the ground
so somebody finds that glove
I'm like what? and everybody laughs
oh right the glove
and he goes Jeff every time I go golfing
somebody does that joke
he'll be out golfing
and someone will take the glove off
throw it in a bush
he says every day of his life
for the last 15-20 years
however long it's been
when I first met him it had been about 12 years
I think since the murder
he said every single day somebody comes up
and says some horrible shit
he was friends with Nicole
and he was kind of like this baby sitter
with his kids because he was
he was just a baseball playing
surfing dude
he's like the guy that was out in the guest house
to be in that scenario
that he was in
it's like one of those things where
then suddenly that's your whole life
he didn't want to be a witness
he told me
I was hanging out in the guest house
and OJ never came down to the back house
never spoke to him
but he also felt like OJ would fall him around
OJ was having people tail him
because he was super jealous of Nicole
and Kato was never fucking Nicole
Nicole was doing her own thing
but Kato, if you've ever seen him
I've been around him like at parties
like at Fourth of July parties and stuff like that
and he is like this awesome baby sitter
the kids love him
and he's got the energy of a toddler
and he just runs around and piggyback rides
and he is the best
he was portrayed very well in The Simpsons
I disagree
I actually broke my heart
because of having met him
he seemed like a kind person
who didn't have any fucking feelings
but they still kind of bimboized him in a way
he wanted nothing to do with it
and his nervous tension of being up there
and not knowing anything
he came off like he was just being giggly
but it was that generation's first Hollywood murder
I mean we hadn't had
a black dolly or anything
and now we had cameras
and there was a racial component
that was a celebrity murder
and he represented
this new
it was like this amazing thing
he had a mullet
and he was living in the guest house
it was the Midwest's
introduction to
Hollywood
and he's from Milwaukee
that was a big part of it too
like in Milwaukee, birthplace of Jeffrey Dahmer
like we were
I guess we had a personal stake in the OJ thing too
that actor staying in the guest house
anyways
I want to go to bedrock
because we're talking about
true crime
grizzly murders
I don't even know what the statistics are
I'm going to assume 99.9%
the victims are women
the perpetrators are
men
do we
you guys
consuming this on a junky level
you already stumbled into
the class system thing
it's like blonde and blue eyes
we heard what you said
you stumbled into that
have you reached any conclusions
or had any changes of heart
or new affirmations of
and I'm not even sure how to pose the question
are we doing things
from the world of the sane
to indoctrinate women
into
a victim culture
are we all
participant in some kind of
is that a real thing
do we somehow
I think there's a way that that could be
true in some general
in some general swaths
I'm definitely not educated enough to speak
on this except for
an alligator we tend to
blame the kid
we tend to figure out why it's not that
bad an alligator and not that bad
of a corporation and I'm sorry but
I'm trying to be Jonom Chomsky about it
but we have a bias there
if somebody gets killed
by a lawnjerk we tend to side
with the lawnjerk
especially if it means lawnjerk get recalled
we go like another fucking piece of
apple pie in americana
what are you talking about
I'm talking about lawnjerk
what are lawnjerk
we're a deadly weapon
that used to be able to play with
oh lawnjarts
with a J
you could throw a javelin at your friends
and it would land in somebody's throat
and kill them
so they did two rounds of these
they did lawnjarts and then lawndarts
and they were like we gotta stop with lawn
it was like if you played
cornhole the beanbag game
I know all about lawndarts I did not know about lawnjarts
that's crazy
1980 when were you born
they were giant lead poles
with plastic fins on them
that were designed for airtime
and for penetrating the human skull
right so anyways
we tend to side
against the victim so I think
that it's even before you get into
gender politics it's like
the potential for bias
exists in this like where is
it coming from and what is it
personally I think it's the journalism
I think it's what story sells
and what's the most exciting
you have a child that's
in beauty pageants
it's a 6 year old dressed up as a 35 year old secretary
and she is murdered
we've been talking about it
for 20 years
and that's because that is the ultimate
that the news can bring that up and sell
2 million magazines easy
you see it constantly it's like in touch
once a month has a jambanay story
and it's the oldest story there is
part of the fascination with that is that it was a fucking rich
a rich white family
and so like
part of the reason it's never been solved and was such
a big deal is because those people got away
with it because they were a rich white family
but within that
certainly if it bleeds it leads
while we're leading the bleeding
are we also
lacing everything
with some kind of fiber optic cable
that sends the message that
you know
well she left her house
and isn't that
doesn't it just come back to
it's a holdover from
television as I've always said
it's an appliance
if you talk to your refrigerator it'll tell you
nothing's cold enough and that's not true
if you talk to your toaster it'll tell you
all bread should be
crispy and hot and brown
and that's not necessarily true
I like it's attitude
it's just that the television happens to be able
to talk to you
and does its job as a appliance
and the television would tell you
not enough people are sitting right in front of me
glued to me afraid to ever
stop watching me and
is that and not so much
of course a big help and heapen of misogyny
because it's the oldest
the actual world's oldest profession
hating women
you can't beat the hours
but
it could be just like a thing
it's like maybe we can break out of it
because that's really
specifically about a
time
broadcast era thing of
just be afraid to stop watching your TV
ladies be afraid to
because this lady left when she stopped watching
your TV and she got her head cut off
I think because we're not experts
and we're not journalists and all we can do
is like impart our experiences
and part of that is
it's so hard to walk the line between
victim blaming and telling women
you can tell someone to fuck off
before
they fucking talk to you and you can fucking pepper
spray someone before they try to talk to you
you don't have to be fucking polite
and it's all we can
there's I've been in instances where like
I should have fucking been killed or I shouldn't
have been so nice and it's all I can do is say
my experiences with that which is
is that women
are taught to fucking be polite
and smiley and cute and fucking
accessible there's so many minute by minute
repercussions for not being
like a perfect little
angel that has her perfect social network
arranged around her you're going to get punished
for that in ways if you live
what's beautiful is first of all
we know now television is a dying art
and that we know that the children of today
are online and they're
kind of like making their
they're forging their own path so they're not
in the same way that I feel like I was
anyway taking this stuff in
like just whole cloth
and just accepting whatever they see where it's
like oh yeah I better be scared or whatever
there's so many more
I feel like there's so much more
independent thinking when people get
on even when it's Facebook like on our
Facebook page people will fight for
seven days about something to go back
and forth and that's because it's the
kind of love of the discussion
and there really is stuff that gets
said and learned I think
and I think these days people aren't so
maybe
as willing to just be like accepting
of that like most people don't
the whole idea of like
oh it can't be rude or someone's going to think
I'm a bitch or resting bitch face or any of that stuff
it's like well I think that's cool
I love resting bitch face
I think it's hilarious and I think you can
get a lot done with it and resting bitch face
comes from years and years of being barbarded
with people when you fucking men
when you fucking smile at them they think it's an open
invitation to talk to you
men are allowed to have resting bitch face at all time
and it looks aloof
what are you the manager of a bank
oh
cunt
oh I'll give you all my money
now we see
I'm so fascinated
I mean I can't get enough of Ryan Lochte
in the news because
I love that's Colbert and
Trevor Noah and everybody is just taking
a thousand tons of shit on this
this dumb dumb
if he kills somebody
I'll watch that forever
if we
find out that he ever just like murdered a puppy
that'll be news because
he's just so dopey
I love watching
like entitled
rich like protected
assholes just getting trouble
he won gold medals then he peed
on a shell station in Brazil
and then he didn't have to go on
Matt Lauer and talk about it he could have gone home
they fucking
that's that Olympic thing
the only thing I've heard about that was
this hilarious comedy of errors that all had to do with
you were telling me about that
he told his mom
and then his mom talked to the thing
and they followed up on the story
he didn't report it
his mom reported it from America
she probably don't talk to my parents
you never know what will go wrong
it sounds like the guys just chill
but it was like same relationship
with anybody's mom
yeah mom and made up a lie
and then his mom was at the DMV going
you know my son's a gold medalist and
he didn't want to say
he was out cheating on his girlfriend
and he was out banging chicks in Brazil
and got super drunk and he should have caught the flight
and he peed on a thing and act like an asshole
which I'm sure he's done many many times
so have I
never told my mom
always told her I was at Rocky Horror Picture Show
and then I came home
he told his mom
to sound like the outlawed Josie Wales
my son's the outlawed Josie Wales
he's a hero
he was just a drunk tish bag
it's fucking hilarious
these are kids though right when we think of the
I guess I tried to kid by our new definition
but the Duffer Brothers are kids
the swimmers he left behind
were kids
he was the old guy
and then he was like well I got a plan to catch
see you dudes later you're going to get in trouble
with everybody in South America
no details okay
so fun though
I didn't watch a lick of the Olympics
I feel fine
I miss them though
I love the Olympics
I didn't think these Olympics would happen
I don't know why I didn't think they would happen
I was really excited about all the terrible stories
that were going to come out and there was only like five of them
it was just like the water turned green
also did you guys hear that Ryan Lochte almost got murdered
what
she was crazy down there
you want to rally around a villain
that I'm pretty sure is safe to
none of us will go to hell for
verbally lynching
what was the fucking thing
I read one article about it
the dude who did a
grinder sting
and he was outing people from different
countries
because he couldn't get into the
inner sanctum and do his
expose and how they all fucking party and stuff
and so he from outside the
walls of that inner sanctum
was like well what can I do
and like I mean this is what I'm hearing but
he made a fake grinder account
and was like
an article
that was like about
all the dudes that
answered his grinder call
and countries where like being out is not
okay
including America if you choose not to be out
just to interject that
that's what journalism is
that's what it's called now so when we're
like fucking Nancy Grace can suck it
that's what it is they're ruining it
for fucking everyone else
I like the Olympics because if the US
women were their own country they would
have come in second for gold medals
that's how many fucking gold medals the US
women did
I love it
I cry every goddamn time
also there was a fucking
me and my girlfriend were watching
men's synchronized diving
like runway model
and one guy's name was Steele Johnson
which is fucking
Steele Johnson
there was a woman named Misty Hyman
there was
there were two guys in the German team named
Butch and Fuchs and they were standing next to each other all the time
it looked like buttfucks it was fucking great
if that doesn't make you want to
watch the Olympics then maybe
you and I aren't friends
you worked for Ellen for a long time right
first five years
I'm assuming it was an honorable discharge
and you have good things to say about it
I don't know if we'll go into that on this episode
but uh
regardless I thought it was
did you see the thing where she posted the
or whatever her camp posted the photo shop thing
of her riding the same bolt
the same bolt and it was like
am I crazy or was that like
she's like this is how I go grocery shopping from now on
and people are like you're racist like he's not your mule
he's not your donkey
no the joke is
he's fast yeah the joke is he's fast
and I'm lazy this phenomenon
of like I mean I guess it's always been around
but now you can really look at it and point at it
it's like the uh those
persons so woke that
they can perceive racism
all kinds of places
how with an uncanny ability
to project it
and the proof is that you're arguing it
that's it
proof is that you're fighting back
saying no I'm not
yeah you're looking at a picture
and going like oh I get it
you're saying he's a pack animal
I just think that's amazing
I thought it was like
I'm gonna now solve racism
somewhere else other than myself
if Donald Trump photoshopped himself
on top of you same bolt then that would cause
for alarm but I think
Ellen's safe
she's making a joke
I won't answer for her
is it true that you gave her a misty hymen?
yikes
boo
so
knowing that we're
definitely not into victim blaming
is there a
here's a section called victim blaming
is there a list
of things
that you guys
are putting together
when I watch
forensic files I'm like
like Jeff and I always say
okay so if you're gonna get away with murder
have a boat and some
yeah
do you guys have a list?
we don't always say that though
we said it once and that was between us
don't have a boat and fire a boat
I don't even think it counts anymore
because there's cameras on the boats now
but
is there a list of things that you guys have started to acquire
kind of like don'ts
for people that would like to stay
not murder victims?
well fucking hitchhiking
I mean everyone knows it but you would not believe
what went on in the 70s
boys and girls were getting murdered
there were three freeway
killers in Los Angeles
between 1970 and 1980
three different serial killers killing hitchhikers
on the freeway down here
so when hitchhiking was popular
and all of the
hitchhiking can kill you urban legends were happening
that wasn't just
society coming down on something that
threatened the automotive industry
no
that wasn't a scam of any kind
and they weren't urban legends
it was a dangerous thing to be doing for everybody
and also
another kind of victim
area that nobody talks about
was gay men
two of the freeway killers
were specifically killing
picking up and killing gay men
and there was one
I think a reporter that was in Orange County
that found a file
that said like the freeway
fag killer or something
and that's how he put it together
that this one person was responsible for killing
here and it was the same person responsible
for killing in Orange County
like nobody gave a shit
it's just another one of those things of victims that don't matter
well it's like calling it when you're like
this guy is killing prostitutes
instead of saying this guy is killing women
which is like what's really happening
people just immediately don't give a shit
why are they fucking using it
that's the ultimate she asked for it
don't be gay
yes
if you're gay be careful
be more careful
the main pockets
of serial killers is like
washington states
oh pacific northwest
I was just up there
and they have these little
roadside
that's where all the serial killers come from
they're all born
they either do all their killing there or they're all
born yeah exactly
and they all move along or go somewhere else and do it
but there's these little coffee
shop places where one girl works there
and she's like it's a bikini coffee place
or lingerie coffee place
and it's in the middle of the countryside
and everyone that pulls up
is dudes in trucks with guns on the racks
and stuff like that
you live in the capital of serial killers
and you're letting women just work alone
in the middle of...
well just if those women had guns too
it'd all work out
let the good girls and bikinis have guns
when are we gonna test this theory
I hope they do
until everybody has a gun
and we see if all the killing starts
so we all got guns up here are you guys ready?
I just don't think it's just so fucking
it pisses me off and it's so unfair
and it will never change it like I can't go for a fucking
walk at night without
because I weigh and I'm smaller than
a fucking dude who just feels like
was raised badly and hit his head as a kid
and he wants to fucking work
you know what's crazy about that is that I have to imagine
that probably because you maybe have a fist full
of keys in your pocket or something
but I have to imagine
that if you and I got into a fight
I don't even know
that's a thing
that's double the crime
let's find out
ladies and gentlemen
in this corner
say it's an extra crime that it's like
the idea that if you're window shopping for a victim
it's kind of outrageous
me that I'm not an option
because I'm a six foot nerd
like I'm such an easy kill
like and I
I want to have that
Dan I would totally kill you
and then
happy birthday
I don't like having my underdog status taken away
from me
the thing is
that's how Gamergate started
that was my reenactment
that was my masterpiece theater
I was already a nerd
they're on here
they're playing video games
no matter how low status or small
or whatever you think you are as a guy
you've never had to worry about being an elevator
you've never had to worry about walking through a parking structure
I mean like in certain neighborhoods
I might get jumped here
but I'm not going to get sexually assaulted
well now let's add deeper
and sadder
and add black woman
if you're a black woman
and you guys mentioned it
if you're a
niche like you're into murder
you know about what's his name
Sleepyhead
that little bear
from the motel
that's how I take things back
I try to give him cute names
sleepy pants
he thought he was a badass
but
I call him pajama man
and he's like
we know about that
I watched that documentary
and it was like it's fucking profound
and it's profound in a sad way
like if you watch an informed documentary about drug policy
or something like that
if you're in the market for white guilt
I mean your shopping cart is full already
but
if you want to really
like fill that
fucker up
because it's just every frame of it from beginning to end
is just shining a flashlight
on a spot that has no flashlight
no camera
trained on it nothing
do you want to be the most prolific
most successful serial killer in the world
just live in this neighborhood
and kill this demographic
it's called living in a
high risk
you're a high risk demographic
so that's why when you kill prostitutes
and drug dealers and drug addicts
it's their sex worker
it's because
quote and this is why they don't really
worry about it is you're a high risk victim
and so
somehow it's your fault
I think we're all watching the night of
is there a last episode tonight?
Don't say anything!
I'm so scared
John Chaturro has a little monologue in there
when he's talking to his little protege
and he mentions
it culminates in urban women
urban women
they're like a lotus leaf
they're
why would that be?
I'm assuming that that is somehow based in
some kind of reality
why would you want black women on your jury
if they are the most at risk
if they are the most
is there a horrible
is there anything
behind that Wheel of Fortune
letter?
because he was saying you do want black women on your jury?
that's what the thesis
of his monologue was
and he didn't really
I don't know if that was based on anything
I'm scared to incriminate myself
I don't know
I guess
maybe if I was going to
speculate and get a
podcast suicide
I guess I would be trying to get into
the area of
is there a victim signal
sent through media
it's like you deserve it
and is that so fucking
would that be actually so effective
that it would carry over into your outside watching television
life and into everything that you do
can you really just
but I think that it goes
to the individual because there's so many
even in that grim sleeper documentary
that fucking woman Pam
he drove around with was such a badass
she was
she had lived life, she knew that whole neighborhood
she knew the guy, I think she had been his victim
it was
an amazing example of
I think that the storyline
might be victim but I don't think
the reality for the average
woman is victim and I think that's kind of the
I think that's the thing that's bubbling up in all of this
is like now that everybody
has more of a voice on the internet
and people get to kind of say their shit, yes there's fighting
yes there's Gamergate, yes people
there are people who want to hate
other, they want to other people
so that they can get away from themselves
but ultimately what's coming up
out of all of this is strength
and a voice and people that are watching
other people speak for themselves
and then maybe they didn't have a strong mother
or a strong father
maybe they didn't have any good example
but they're watching people online going yeah that's how I feel
yeah that's fuck this shit
like I don't have to do what I was maybe
you had a mother who raised you to be like
you be polite no matter what
you still are an individual that can make that decision for yourself
well I mean
yeah we get it
that's really it at the end of the day
and it's like and so
there can be evolution I think
because of the way
kind of
the internet is and just kind of the way
people are connected these days
you have neuroplasticity my therapist says
I can be a douchebag at 27 when I'm talking to you
and like I can
slowly like force myself
to
think differently it's actually possible
giraffes can't do it, they can't do it
but I mean that's the thing is
you can see course correction
online and people are slowly
I think slowly learning
that you can fuck up badly
and still go sorry I was wrong
you can oftentimes people do it
because they write a think piece or they do whatever
but it's like going it's like that
Lindy West story where the guy was harassing her
to the point where he was emailing her
asking her what he if he
if she thought her dead father was
ashamed of her or some really intense
really personal trolling
she called him on the phone and said
hey I found out it's you
why did you do this and he had this whole
thing of like I'm so sorry
and like it's that thing of like internet trolls
that's just as real as the internet
and the moment and the time that's taking place
there's a real human being on the other side of that
there's real human beings on the other side
of all of these things and I think
people are slowly starting to learn that
and at first it takes the form
of something that feels
dehumanizing to the wrong people at the wrong time
I think one of the big ironies is
you have the Spock demographic
let's I'll claim
ambassadorship ambassador
I'll just go ahead and say white privileged
spectromy
so I can like
always felt like an underdog always very
prideful about the fact that he always
knew how the systems worked and why they were
unfair and all these things suddenly being
told oh you don't know nothing
it's hard being this it's hard being that
you have this weird impulse where you're like
oh wait a minute logic should rule the day
it always has for me in spite of getting beat up
in gym class logic always prevails
so why are you being so illogical about this
and then you're hearing somebody go like
that's what the fucking person just said to me
that is oppressing me you fucking
pig you've asked all you fuckface
and you're like well that's not very logical meet meet meet
and that's what's happening right now
is these like as this water table rises
but I do I
I think I'm hearing an optimistic
message here and I share it like I
feel I go through these funks where I'm
like we're just fucked we're so fucked we're
such toxic pigs
but I then we're not I mean
partly it's like listening to you talk about
murders as my girlfriend and I go off to sleep
and it's like you know if murder
if murder itself which should just
be this horrible thing where road flares
are set up and traffic is stopped and
people are yelling things out about OJ
and gloves not fitting throwing Barbie dolls with
duct tape on them onto the JonBent Ramsey's
lawn and everything gets gross around
at the scene of a death everything gets toxic
everything get the it's
the actual putrification of the
corpse is reflected by a societal
rot that was are we all
stink with the closer we get to death
when we were talking about it but it's
it's undone by a podcast
where you're hanging out
and there's a little bit of coffee and a
little bit of shit and you guys are friendly
and chatting and you're going like there's
a little bit of don't go in that house girl
and there's a there and there and then
a lot of like depth of like what would
it feel like to be in that moment and all
this stuff if the
listening to stuff like that reminds me that
like that's not possible if not for this whole
flood like this unfortunate
metaphor right now for our friends in the
South sorry the the
because that's all fear it's all
fear it's the fear
everything we talk about is
managing fear it's dealing with
fear with you are dealing with a person
online that you fucking hate
and you want to tell them how much you hate them
that's all well and good and you can
do it and you can type it in and it's there
forever but at the end of the
day it's in you it's your
thing and slowly but surely
you know it was like we were all in grammar
school when the internet started and we're like
oh my god they talk bad about me on a
fucking you know a page I'm dead
forever whatever and then you slowly go oh that was
probably a 13 year old in a basement
somewhere it's you know what I mean and we're
all developing and growing as these
conversations are happening
at lightning fucking speed
and as we do and develop and grow
that we're
learning to manage ultimately
our fear of death and
and ultimately it's human connection
that makes us happy
our fear of each other and our fear of ourselves
yeah like what's your worst nightmare in a conversation
the part of the irony is
tying it to that fear of woman walking alone at
night and you are bound in by all these
rules that you didn't even know you had until
it's too late when it's like somebody is creeping
you out it's like you have these instincts
kicking in about oh well I don't want to be
a bitch if I survive this
the this
there's a similar thing playing out for everybody
online because they're all anonymous
there's like some of that stuff is getting there's
an uplifting like cowardice being revealed
because it's like oh you started
an account that is exclusively for trolling
but when when then
fists still start flying and that person
will still express some kind of weird
defense of some position
no matter how much they think they're like
just vandalizing like like some kind
of group think they're there they get
freaked out when you like come at them
and so we all get
freaked out when we feel unsafe and
so it's like
okay if the internet is a cesspool of a
bunch of cowardice and toxicity
could that give way to a Venice
that you go okay so let's put some
sticks on top of that and
and a gift shop over here and make some
good fucking art
up above the water that's the whole idea
it's just like instead of
like yes that's a reality just like
fucking Donald Trump's tweets every single
day are a reality
but that does I have friends who are in full
fucking panic about Donald Trump because
that's all they see it's all they hear
it's all those news networks talk about
good right it's like it's called a vaccine
it's exposing your system to things that
and to go that's not okay with me
the idea that this man thinks that he's
going to build a wall is not okay with me
it's not okay with me that he says all Mexicans
are rapists none of this shit's okay
and you can't tweet every day as a politician
and have that be the reason why you
win an election like you can't
quite the opposite I would say
it's not just like it's not
like starting a mattress store and going on TV
and going like my prices are crazy
like Duncan Trestle's theory
on what Trump is doing
which scared the shit out of me
and also part of the reason why
I'm talking about murder makes me feel better
even though I have these like fucking crazy issues
about being scared of being killed
is that when I like when you acknowledge
these people that this has happened to
and they're still humans
and you can still fucking relive their experience
and it makes you happy for your life a little bit
more I feel like it makes me value
life and value the fucking experiences I get
and that I haven't been murdered yet
and how lucky I am and like acknowledging
that this happens all the time
and it could go like this or you could live
with my grandma and like you just don't have
any fucking clue what your experience is or control
I think your grandma's gonna be murdered any day now
how dare you
oh shit
well let's look into that
has that been investigated
are you saying you did it
I'm just saying I suspect foul play
are you guys shifting your focus
you said you found out
oh this demographic and the
if you're not the grim sleeper but you're still like
are you
putting pressure on yourselves
to like are you shifting your
are you gonna do more episodes
about
about the less than
famous like serial killers
and victims and George has always done those
ones she likes to do like a deep
dive and find those
those kind of rare ones that people may have
never heard of I imagine the fact that they're rare
means that there's less
software to run
on that platform it's like there's
the point is the system is looking
at it as a bunch of garbage
so it's not every fucking article
takes a paragraph from another
article and rewrites it
so you have to read like 18 of them before
you can really pick out the
stuff that wasn't
rewritten in every other article I hate research
so much
Georgia what do you gravitate towards
are you trying to find the off the beaten track ones
I love unsolved
murders I love
there aren't big media sensation ones
like family murders that are just like
they happen in the in
67 and they have a clear fucking
like a clear motive and a clear suspect
and that suspect is still alive
and yet it just hasn't found either the right
web slews or the right fucking detective
to open it back up and it's it's
shitty like prosecutor in the first place
yeah and then I talk about and then I say
the name of the person who's a suspect
and then Karen has to say
so everyone knows we're not like you have to
like have a disclaimer on there because I'm just blaming
this person who's like a fucking one
off still alive
we shouldn't talk about it
I do it again
I've been asked by our producers is this a terrible
time to do a me undies ad
no it's not
I mean I think
that in this age of murder
and
I mean
whether or not you want to it makes you want to live
more or prepare for death
as your mother always told you
underwear is important
I don't know if that's
do you have evidence
I would go dry on this one musically
you want to do it dry?
do it dry
did you girls know that
there is
there is a material
twice as soft as cotton
why no Dan
I was
I was about to do some dumb metaphor
about victims' throats or something
it was going to undo
and then I shared my work and you guys
punished me for it
so who's the villain
just like the internet
yeah I was honest
and I censored myself now I'm going to do
a mass shooting
after a quick manifesto
about my underwear
by the time you see this
I will have murdered a million people
I love my undies
I love
me undies
now me undies are soft
yeah
they're made of a space age fabric
go back to the part about people's throats
people's throats will go
oh when they see your underwear
if you replace
cotton
which has a horrible legacy
of actual murder
with a new synthetic fabric
probably the only bad thing
that modal ever did
was kill you with comfort
yeah
we probably
put lots of people out of a job
if it's able to be made by robots
but who were those people
what's that
you know
Dan
if you go to meundies.com
you get 20% off your first order
and if you don't like them you get to keep them anyway
I know that's the crazy thing
I know it's weird
it gives you underwear it doesn't want them back
but
you can just keep them
you can just exploit the system
I truly do think
this is a golden age of podcasting
we're in a sweet spot now
I may have to be more shameful in my advertising
because I won't be able to say
I'll be like you know what
it's great as General Electric's new cluster drone
takes care of those unwannable
third world dictators
from a distance your family can appreciate
it passes the savings on to AT&T
but right now it's meundies
all they do is cradle
your balls, labia
and or combination of both
fucking American and entitled to have
that's right
and it's your fucking business too
it's called privacy it's different from honesty
this is a company that will swath
your nethers in fucking like
they're soft on your nethers
they're also soft on murder which I think
that's a problem
well the only reason
I want to clarify their position about that
they were
asked do you like murderers
and all they said was
we believe they are as entitled to comfortable
underwear as anyone else
in my opinion that is their corporate
position I value that
I don't want to wear underwear
made by a corporation
that is dipping their toe in politics
I want them
I know they wouldn't win a popularity contest
saying it but the truth is
my favorite underwear company would be the one that said
you know maybe if Hitler
had had better underwear
some lives could have been saved
he would have only killed 3 million Jews
I want my underwear company
looking at everything through the lens
of underwear
I want them to put genocide
and crime and morals
on the hamper
as they say
on the back burner
do they say that?
and another company
new hamper back burners
when you
don't want to cook something
in the immediate sense and you want it to slowly simmer
why not put it on a bag of dirty clothes
new hamper back burners
no but back to meundies
go to meundies.com
slash Harmontown get I think 20% off
wear it
jerk off poop in it
that's the thing I want to just
don't send it back but I say
poop in it send it back
I'm telling you
look at our first meundies
my audience
tell them to fucking show us
where the rubber meets the road
God
I would just like to say
as a feral audio podcast
I'm never taking another note
about the way we read and add again
we put a lot of thought into this Karen
this is a special bonus for you guys
we invited you to the scene
of the murder of monetization
wait wait
there's a chalk outline of all of our income
do you two also do meundies ads?
we're going to
we're going to steal this one
we're just going to take it and plug it in
something about the holocaust
Dan Armand's meundie I want a Cleo
his meundies ad
it hit every base you want to hit
with advertising
serial killing
shitting in your pants
corporation
corporation yes
but I do want to say
but they're so comfortable
I do want to say
this is the thing that crosses the lines between
I know we've been indoctrinated in our society
when we look at people
in pictures who care about their underwear
or companies that are selling their underwear
it's like a lot of people in my audience
who are
a larger demographic than
people would like to believe
I'm talking to you
Senator Ben
I don't know what I'm talking about
Senator Ben Carson
oh shit you're a senator now
I'm talking about people who are like
I don't care about underwear exactly
you know why you don't because they don't matter
which is why
they should be comfortable
and you don't have to be like
for instance just a couple of bullet points
let's say for instance
maybe you don't love the way you look
in your underwear maybe it's not something you look for
this isn't that kind of these are comfortable
I'm saying like and also
I just want to throw this out and I swear
I know this is something that I tell them
I tell you people in spite of
my sponsors wishes
I'm sure
these things are good for wearing
more than once
they're better than cotton
for fucking being a slob
I wear my Mia I get
way more with
wearing me and these longer
I got to say as someone who I get so
angry at commercials that I yell at them
ask my husband I just like can't
even fucking deal with this is beautiful
and I love this so much
and if you go what is it
miandistatcom.com
is it like a 20% discount something like that
you get 20% off in your first pair
I think let me double check that
20 I think 20 is 20
that's fucking crazy
I say 100% off
whoa whoa
if you come to my house all underwear
100% off
but that ties in
everything must go
that ties into the mattress ad from last week
so are women safer now
I was just gonna say
then they were
how much do you pay for a half hour
ad on
I don't want to know because I don't want to feel guilty
like if it's $8 I'm gonna be like
I'm gonna get heartburn tonight
I'm pretty sure we only sold two pairs of underwear
but they're $400 each
yeah but you get to wear
you say yeah
20% off they're free if you
or a dick and pretend you don't like them
they're free
yes if you go there and go
to the hashtag or the slash
downtown just buy a bunch of free underwear
and then say I'm just satisfied
with my underwear
that's the new shoplifting
I don't want you to do it like remember adobe
in the early aughts it was like
they knew I was stealing all their software
because they knew I'd turn 40 and be unable to
steal it anymore and have to buy it
but I would have learned all the adobe software
what else am I gonna use
to photoshop my stuff
moto mop
no
I'm gonna use the thing I learned by stealing
when I was 25
is the
meondies ad still happening right now?
meondies
we normally end it with a jingle
don't we? yes
it's a controversial jingle but here it is
meondies
if you wear them
you won't get killed
I don't know if they make themselves legally
kind of a big claim
accountable I don't know if that's
it's a sign but
if you or someone you know does get killed
in those undies
next pair is free
that's actually the part I don't know
it's a good deal
I'm just spitballing over here
Spencer what are your thoughts about murder?
I'm for it
most the time
during these two hours
certainly
no it's bad
murder is bad you guys
and I'm glad that you asked me
that question so I could finally
tell the audience
that I feel that murder is bad
no the only thing
I could think of during this whole two hours
is the fact that
women feeling safe is bad
for me
women not feeling safe
oh no
whoops
is that a Freudian slip
go to meondies.com
enter the code
whoops
I could see it either way
I wasn't sure if it was a Freudian supernat
because I was like I could make either argument
is this something to think about I thought
I figured I should bring it up too early
that's how we could help women
we could do some PSAs where we go
you know what I think is hot
a safe woman
but then we say we don't care
she emanates a certain je ne sais quoi
that gets this fella
ready to propose
pepper spray
you do the pepper spray Adam
I'm doing
oh man you could do pepper spray ads
oh my god
it would be a great tie-in
that's sarcasm
no in a general sense
we talked about
I think we created
an uplifting sunrise that we're looking forward to
on the internet
in real life
8 billion people
now it's 9 billion what is it
we're just choking the planet
you guys are in this crevice
where you're breathing
oxygen into a pocket
that was carbon dioxide
you're in the darkness
but in general
should we just go to the moon
and colonize with a couple hundred people
that was the premise of this podcast
I think it's so fun that we get to watch
the downfall
it's so exciting
it makes me super fucking gets bummed
this is so cool we get to watch how
something fucking crumbled
and laugh at it
before it gets really awful in like 2040
I feel like I'm older than you are
but I feel like I timed this just right
totally
I'm gonna watch the shit hit the fan
and I'll be like 70 fuck it
is it possible we're all paying the price
for baby boomers feeling that way
that they're kind of like oh man
we did the Beatles we hit a golf ball in the moon
let's fuck up
and then we were like but what about
Cobain and they're like fuck you
fuck him and we're like fine
I'm gonna not wash my hair and they're like good
saves the planet
I feel like the baby boomers never had the comfort
of modal underwear
could make all the difference
I mean what do we
what do we foresee
you're intelligent people like you've studied
murder in a consumer way
off of Wikipedia
community college dropout
as our species
I think a lot of us even the optimists
among us walk around with the
idea are the optimistic
idea that well
we're headed for a gigantic cataclysmic
shift that is going to see a lot of
I know but you know what
Dan I think people
have always thought that they always think
that great it's it happens
all the time I think if you're plugged
into certain messaging
that's the message that you'll get
but I just here's the thing
maybe it's because I have epilepsy
I don't have time for all that shit
I really don't I'm stoked
not to get too dark
or whatever but like my mom had
Alzheimer's for 12 years she died in January
it fucking sucked
for 12 years straight in my
family it blew don't worry about it
it blew
unbelievably badly it was terrible
and it's not terrible anymore
and so I don't give one single
fuck if they every day report
that there's an asteroid coming
or this or that because I'm like
oh my god we're okay again
and things are getting things are only
getting better and that's maybe my
ridiculous opinion but I'm
literally fighting every day to have that opinion
because it's one or you
choose it's one or the other
well I'd rather die feeling that way with you
right well
I'll take a special bulletproof bomb shelter
where we can feel that way because that's it's like if the
asteroid whatever the asteroid is
Donald Trump but the asteroid is fucking
the Zika virus
whatever this the thing is they wanna
keep
their vadert
their Jupacabra
jupacabra
they don't talk about the jupacabra anymore
poly chart that's how
jama man
but I mean it's always a thing
that's just over the
mountain that you should be locked down
tested, we passed, the power went out in New York,
and it was just like, the ice cream melted,
and we ate the ice cream.
People are good.
You look at the micro shit, and you're like,
if I stop looking at the fucking internet,
and I'm like, I live in this cute little apartment,
I have this fucking nice dude that I met,
I have these great cats, everything is actually fine,
and then you look at, you take two steps out,
and look at fucking Trump and shit,
and life is ruined.
It's like newsworthy, it's like,
oh man, newlywed couple plays video game
about raising a baby, well they're a real baby,
rats in a crib, eaten by a cat,
there is no way to have a headline,
and no one would click on it,
but from a general perspective,
truly the objective empirical scientific headline
should be, every day, eight billion people
get through another day,
having taken back the earth from a merciless god
that has had them in the crosshairs
since they learned to stop being monkeys.
Yeah, that's right.
And when those eight million people,
when it comes down to it, yes there's group think,
and yes there's like, when people do weird shit en masse,
but at the end of the day,
when you're standing on the street,
and somebody gets hit by a car,
everybody runs fucking toward the person that's down.
That it's just human, that's human.
Cameras out and ready to roll.
Taking it all down, but I mean.
It's called the nightcrawler spirit.
We're all gonna make $500.
But I truly believe that I think that
that's the true instinct of people.
If you've gone to a certain direction
to shut that down, that's your choice,
but that is not common.
That is not, I don't think that's the common human thing.
Plaintlets rush toward an open climate.
That's what's great about it.
It's healing, we wanna heal.
We're lucky to be, like all of us here,
like we are doing a stupid podcast
and do comedy with microphones up here,
but the fact that a group of people all come here
just to sit around in a group of strangers and laugh,
that's really magnificent.
It's amazing.
It really is crazy.
It says a lot about underwear.
And the state of it, like these people
had to hang out for two hours
in whatever they left the house in.
Some of them probably chose cotton from a hains or play text.
But they didn't know, they didn't know, they couldn't know.
No, they couldn't have known until they came here tonight.
There's a new thing.
Cotton is dumb.
Cotton's dead, Cotton's dead.
Cotton is the murder victim of fabrics.
You should dismiss it.
What, did I not get it?
No, no, yeah, yeah.
Did I?
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, Cotton's dead.
No, I think you get it.
Cotton murders, Cotton murders your comfort.
Cotton's the bad guy.
It deserves it, and it deserves it.
Yeah.
Do you guys remember, we've talked, I think,
remember the Noid?
Have you got, remember the Noid thing?
Oh yeah, from Domino's?
Domino's Pizza had a Noid, a Noid, and he was like,
oh, careful of the Noid wants your pizza to be cold.
There was a guy that worked for, his name was Noid,
and the reason they dropped that ad campaign
is because that guy thought they were talking about him.
And he went and killed people.
I don't think that worked.
Ooh, I'm doing that one.
So look it up.
I apologize in advance if he snopes it.
Held up at Domino's and no one died, but uh.
Wait, sorry, OK.
He held up at Domino's?
Was it Domino's, right?
What are you telling?
What?
Was he a Domino's employee?
No.
He was a dude whose name was Noid, right?
Yeah, he was like, you guys can't keep telling people
to avoid me.
This has gone far enough.
It's that thing of like.
I'm going to send a message.
Yeah, you should come toward me.
That thing of when you're like, the FBI are following me,
and you're like, make sure the FBI aren't following
that guy before you tell him that he's crazy.
And then it's like Noid was like, the fucking TV's talking
to me, and it's like, no, they're actually talking.
They're telling people to avoid you.
Like, legit, and they went crazy.
Yeah.
You can't avoid the Noid.
They're talking.
It's true.
He killed himself.
Yeah, exactly.
Well, it's not.
What did we learn tonight that we should face that shit?
That we should have never gone over to that side of the room.
Well, I hope you guys come back and just be friends with us,
because I want to binge listen to every episode of your show,
because I'm hooked on this shit.
It's great.
It's a lot of bullshit.
Podcasting.
Thank you.
Is there any while we have you here?
I mean, because you did us a favor by appearing,
do you have any other side things you want to pluggy-wug?
You're appearing at Mr. Chuckles.
Oh, yes, yes.
My big gig.
We're going to be on the podcast festival.
Oh, yeah.
LA Podcast Fest, the end of September.
I think that's our next big.
This was actually our plug for a long time.
So now we don't have to.
Especially, you've got a plug, Spencer.
Are you plugging anything?
Oh, yeah.
I'm going to be at LA Podcast Festival,
just in the audience.
You can see a live stream of his night vision photography.
Thank you so much, everybody.
That's been Harmon 10.
Georgia Hardstark, Karen Kilgariff, and Spencer Crittenden.
I'm Jeff Davis.
You may have first, Mr. Dan Harmon.
Don't kill anybody.
Please don't kill anybody.
This is going to be fun.
Did you get any of that?
It's a good show.